Clarified the connection property (#49905)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-bindings-storage-table.md

|**rowKey** |**RowKey** | Optional. The row key of the table entity to read. See the [usage](#input---usage) section for guidance on how to use this property.| 
|**take** |**Take** | Optional. The maximum number of entities to read in JavaScript. See the [usage](#input---usage) section for guidance on how to use this property.| 
|**filter** |**Filter** | Optional. An OData filter expression for table input in JavaScript. See the [usage](#input---usage) section for guidance on how to use this property.| 

> |**connection** |**Connection** | The name of an app setting that contains the Storage connection string to use for this binding. This can be the name of an "AzureWebJobs" prefixed app setting or connection string name. E.g., if your setting name is "AzureWebJobsMyStorage", you can specify "MyStorage" here. The Functions runtime will automatically look for an app setting that is named "AzureWebJobsMyStorage". If you leave `connection` empty, the Functions runtime uses the default Storage connection string in the app setting that is named `AzureWebJobsStorage`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**connection** |**Connection** | The name of an app setting that contains the Storage connection string to use for this binding. The setting can be the name of an "AzureWebJobs" prefixed app setting or connection string name. For example, if your setting name is "AzureWebJobsMyStorage", you can specify "MyStorage" here. The Functions runtime will automatically look for an app setting that named "AzureWebJobsMyStorage". If you leave `connection` empty, the Functions runtime uses the default Storage connection string in the app setting that is named `AzureWebJobsStorage`.|
```
We try to avoid Latin abbreviations 😉
